# Read Me

This project was created for my 8th grade history class. The user plays an
escapee from Libby Prison, Richmond. After the protagonist escapes, he's
greeted by a negro, Jack, who offers to help him find some food. Jack guides
him to a nearby house where Prince, another negro, and his wife provide him
with some much needed food. After the protagonist is finished eating, Jack
gives him directions to the nearby town of Slash Cottage, where he believes
the protagonist will be able to find help. The protagonist decides to take
his advice and venture to Slash Cottage. Unfortunately, the protagonist gets
lost in the forest and must search for water. When he finally gets to Slash
Cottage, he is relieved. He is then approached by a boy who asks him a few
questions and eventually invites him over for supper. The protagonist spends
the night with the boy and his family. In the morning, he departs to his home
in Rockville. He faces many dangers along the way, but he finally makes it to
Rockville where he is greeted by his wife and children who are eager to hear
all about his adventures.

This project was coded in C++ using Visual Studio 2010, Sublime Text 2, and
Xcode 4. The code is not very efficiently written. It was planned to create
a struct that would hold the scene's text and what the next scene would be.
All of the struct's instances would have their content stored in a file that
would be read in a while loop to create all of the appropriate instances.
Unfortunately, I did not have the time to figure out the logistics of this
system and I was forced to create a storyLine() function instead. The
storyLine() function is simply a bunch of std::cout statements along with
switch statements to create the storyline.
